>> Sarah Drasner: The last
thing I wanna say is,
I mentioned that my name's Sarah Drasner.
I don't actually consider
myself a designer.
I consider myself a developer who
can design because I don't spend
all livelong day working on designs.
I know people who do do that for a living.
Out of respect for them,
I don't call myself that.
I mostly spend my time coding.
But what I do, do is create design so
that people are interested in my code.
So that when I do show something that I
think is really interesting and dynamic,
people are like, whoa, that looks so
cool, and then they dive into the code.
Otherwise, they're probably
not gonna be that engaged,
even if it's a really good concept.
I was, however In another life and
art professor for
college, I have a masters degree in art.
So I have some background here,
I'm not just like a schlep off the street.
That said, I'm probably more like you
where I'm a developer who's a designer.
And that's the purview we're
looking at this course from.
It's not gonna be a course for designers,
it's a course for developers so
that we can design.
Cool.
Ooh, all right.